You're probably familiar with the idea of functions,
when to use a function and when not to use one probably comes pretty naturally to you.
One of the best parts about React is that you can
use the same intuitions that you have about functions,
for when to create React components.
However, instead of your function taking in some arguments and returning a value,
your function is going to take in some arguments and return some UI.
Now, let's take a look at some code.
Here we have three functions and one function invocation.
You'll notice our code is clean and organized
because each function has a specific purpose.
We're composing our functions together by having
one function getProfiledData leverage
the other two functions, getProfilePic and getProfileLink.
Now, when we invoke getProfileData,
we'll get back an object which represents our user.
Now, instead of having these functions return an object with data,
let's modify them a bit to return some UI.
Now, don't freak out about this syntax,
we're going to cover this code much more in depth in future lessons.
But for now, notice that with React,
instead of composing functions to get some values,
we're composing functions to get some UI.